I want to make some food euless we've
been working hard I'm out of the rubber
gear as you can see it started to get a
bit cold actually so I've changed out of
that but I've still got these muscles
his muscles marine yeah a classic and
the whole trick not to do too much to a
muscle because these will be beautiful
we need a big old cast-iron pan on the
fire there with a splash of oil piece of
garlic just like that release that off
with a knife pop that on the ball there
and we need them a little rough chop
their long as they're nice and small
we're swinging the world is a big old
chunk of garlic between the two back
teeth straight into the pan Little Miss
Susan for that small onion and we'll
just top him up into little squares and
into the pan y key to some heating that
fire right now i want it i want to put a
little bit of lemon grass near i think
we'll lemongrass be a nice flavor it's
kind of a high kind of number really
demographic beautiful peppermint
spearmint kind of feel to it pop them in
the fighters keep it ticking over just
letting the flavors out of the garlic
and the onions it's all about these
muscles they look at these beautiful we
had the same muscle in the UK we use
them a lot but they're more about this
size now that that's a big old plump
muscle and I'm really interested to know
if this long growth period because of
this cold water makes them maybe more
tasty or something like that anyway
straight into a hot pan so they're in
there now just ticking away and now we
need to give them something to steam up
with so a bit of seven young Blanc here
we really just need to splash or two of
this maybe one more I guess and let them
just sit for about a minute what stars
to him as they start to open look at
that they are big fat and juicy can't
wait for that you could sit here waiting
for your muscles to cook all day long
ever-changing landscape anyway there's a
sizzle coming on this and that wine is
starting to make those muscles open up
so as that starts to happen we now need
that cream to go in so just a little bit
reem comes off the boil at that stage
and they're sort of half open we now
need them to fully open they just give
up their juices they give up that little
bit of sea and you end up with a nice
and mussel soup in the bottom with some
plumped lovely muscles to eat off the
top it's not really the way they have it
here in East Greenland duelists was
saying mate they helped them put it into
a soup with some other types of seafood
but i think this with a bit of it all
crusty bread you know every once in a
while one of those icebergs out there
cracks or rolls over or something I
don't know but it's a really eerie sound
such a magical place right it come back
to the boil now the cream is boiling
away all the muscles have open up their
sprung open releasing those juices
they're just perfect for serving I can
smell white wine I can smell a touch of
garlic but mostly I can smell those
muscles I'm gonna serve these up into a
big old bowl they do look good big and
plump just pour a bit of that over the
top like that big old chunk of crusty
bread like that bowl the muscles like
this I gotta taste one mmm delicious
really like those big flavor big muscle
flavor nice and plump they're beautiful